---
layout: hacker-toots
collection: hacker-toots
published: true
title: "Hacker Tooted"
date: 2023-07-04T02:38:28Z
pinned: false
tags: [mastodon]
author: ⸸ commander ░ nova ⸸ :~$
avatar: /assets/media_attachments/hacker-nova.png

---

<p>Links: <a href="https://cmdr-nova.neocities.org/" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopener noreferrer" translate="no"><span class="invisible">https://</span><span class="">cmdr-nova.neocities.org/</span><span class="invisible"></span></a></p><p>My story:</p><p>I have a storied history of going back and forth between Twitter and Mastodon since as early as 2017, across multiple instances. In 2020, I finally landed on hackers.town after sifting my way through many instances. So many.</p><p>----</p><p>In 2014 I left my job at the time while I was a year and a half into my transition after a monumentally huge amount of harassment and bullying, and took to the internet to start a business in <a href="https://hackers.town/tags/SecondLife" class="mention hashtag" rel="tag">#<span>SecondLife</span></a> with hopes of building a career in asset production (including texture painting, blender modeling, etc). </p><p>During this time, I also self published my 3rd book, Netherbound: You Only Die Once, a chaotic stream of mental trauma loosely translated into a disjointed scifi novel, as a sequel to some weird books I wrote about a zombie apocalypse, or two books that reflect who I was before I changed, permanently.</p><p>A few years into building my SL store, I decided to also become self taught in FL Studio, and subsequently released 19 albums under the moniker <a href="https://hackers.town/tags/Eyeshadow2600FM" class="mention hashtag" rel="tag">#<span>Eyeshadow2600FM</span></a>. Upon the release of Ride Eternal, I hit the #1 slot on <a href="https://hackers.town/tags/synthwave" class="mention hashtag" rel="tag">#<span>synthwave</span></a> via Bandcamp for a few hours, and was the top producer in my state for a while.</p><p>But! Even through all of the massive amount of support, I needed a steady income to pay my bills, and therefore halted my transition (sadly) and re-entered the workforce.</p><p>For 2 and a half years I neglected myself and my identity, and sort of adopted this idea that I had ... given up on everything.</p><p>Until this year.</p><p>I&#39;m working on my 20th album, Dissolution Protocol. I&#39;m continuing my store in Second Life, and I&#39;m writing my 4th book by the same name as my next album, a disaster multi-perspective space opera, horror.</p><p>In rebuilding who I am, even in limited capacity, I decided that these 3 things are my real job, and what I do offline is to pay the bills, until I don&#39;t have to worry about bills anymore.</p><p>I go by Ryan offline, used to call myself Meryl online, but you can just call me Nova.</p><p>Thanks for reading.</p>


