---
layout: hacker-toots
collection: hacker-toots
published: true
title: "Hacker Tooted"
date: 2023-05-24T20:25:21Z
pinned: false
tags: [mastodon]
author: ⸸ commander ░ nova ⸸ :~$
avatar: /assets/media_attachments/hacker-nova.png

---

<p>I think I&#39;ve been disconnected from Laurelai Bailey now long enough that I can finally speak about why I associated with her, was on her instance for some time, and so on. I only got away from her when her interest started to dissolve, but her grip was the tightest when I was at my lowest throughout 2016 to 2019</p><p>Before I left my job at Walmart the first time, LB had groomed me, a naive trans woman, into believing that I was myself, a dangerous person, in the midst of coming to grips with having dealt with a year and a half of nonstop harasment from my coworkers offline.</p><p>She used this situation to get me to say things that she knew would be damaging to me if she were to release them to the public (she wanted people to believe I was a psychopath, and in my damaged and traumatized state, she made me believe this).</p><p>I never came into direct contact with her offline, but I did some of the people she was close to, and they were either just as traumatized, or needed as much help as I did.</p><p>She hung things over my head for the course of that half decade timespan, and numerous times when I tried to break away, she&#39;d come for me on social media. Once she told me that I was going to be alone for the rest of my life, out of spite.</p><p>From my experience, she has no ability to relate to the people around her, she doesn&#39;t care if you&#39;re suffering and it&#39;s plainly easy to determine this when speaking to her.</p><p>I never doubted that she was abusive, or a snitch, I was just afraid of her. Even now I wonder if she&#39;ll find this.</p><p>But there are people on this federated network who might remember me when I still went by Meryl Kavanagh, and might think I&#39;m connected to her. I&#39;m not. I finally managed to cut her out of my life some time ago, and I want people to know that she is every bit as evil as others say she is.</p>


