---
layout: hacker-toots
collection: hacker-toots
published: true
title: "Hacker Tooted"
date: 2023-06-26T00:01:35Z
pinned: false
tags: [mastodon]
author: ⸸ commander ░ nova ⸸ :~$
avatar: /assets/media_attachments/hacker-nova.png

---

<p>It all began when I  was a child, building and rebuilding early home computers for fun, and as the internet boomed, my obsession with tech, hardware, and software only grew. I knew these things would be the biggest part of my life before most people knew that the internet would be something you held in your hand.</p><p>In the late nineties, I studied business technology and web development, often designing websites for fun, which were usually hosted on Geocities. Eventually, that interest turned into something that would help me along my journey of academic and creative writing. I&#39;d often write blogs, throw websites up and then take them down, and then repeat the process.</p><p>But something was missing, my hunger for creativity was still beckoning.</p><p>I taught myself the ins and outs of Blender 3D, Marvelous Designer, Photoshop, and Substance Painter, and became an extremely prolific virtual world product designer. </p><p>With a for-fun side business in an online game, I decided to keep on pushing.</p><p>Music had been a part of my life since I was an early teen, and I had always wanted to create in that way, as well. So, what did I do? I taught myself FL Studio, music theory, and design, and created more music than you can shake a stick at.</p><p>Having explored and learned nearly every caveat of the artistic language, I now offer myself up as a freelancer. What can I do for you?</p>


