---
layout: post
title: "Make Some Noise (on Bluesky)"
date: 2024-11-22 08:45
author: 𐕣 C M D R ░ NOVA 𐕣
categories:
    - "Python"
tag: [python, scripting]
#comments:
#    host: mkultra.monster
#    username: cmdr_nova
#    id: 
---
In my efforts to continually preserve the weird things that I do, and have been doing, and/or am also learning to do, I setup a Python noise generation script, that's completely procedural (like the other ones), and plopped it onto a Bluesky account. Make some noise!

<blockquote class="bluesky-embed" data-bluesky-uri="at://did:plc:iexyihzoyxjj2t5im7vlcdvv/app.bsky.feed.post/3lbk3ff2bx42h" data-bluesky-cid="bafyreigvbefcm7gnlfg42fa32masfwv3td2fvfoarf4ulfacou7542dbim"><p lang="">Procedurally generated by Python! (written by cmdr-nova)<br><br><a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:iexyihzoyxjj2t5im7vlcdvv/post/3lbk3ff2bx42h?ref_src=embed">[image or embed]</a></p>&mdash; PyGen (<a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:iexyihzoyxjj2t5im7vlcdvv?ref_src=embed">@pygen.bsky.social</a>) <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:iexyihzoyxjj2t5im7vlcdvv/post/3lbk3ff2bx42h?ref_src=embed">November 22, 2024 at 8:27 AM</a></blockquote><script async src="https://embed.bsky.app/static/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

The positive to this, is, I don't have to worry about storage constraints with posting procedurally generated images to Bluesky, infinitely, *forever*. And the way I've made the Python and JavaScript pairing, is that, once this is generated, and posted, it gets deleted from the server. Foolproof. Fullproof? Which is the right word? The world may never know.

But, I worry about the future a lot, and I like to preserve the things I do so that, *no matter what happens*, there's always a contingency. So, now my social media Python stuff *also* has a contingency. And there's this, alongside maybe 8 or 9 other scripts that run on a continuous basis, or on intervals depicted by cronjobs, on ***just a six dollar per month VPS over at Digital Ocean***.

Yes, it gets slow at times. I've logged into my server to suddenly experience severe lag. So much so, that now I have daily restart times in order to start fresh, and then throughout the day, lag builds, and builds, and builds, and then it restarts again (lol).

I'm *sure* there's something I could do to make whichever script is causing this more efficient, but it all still works, regardless!

Just exactly what I'll do next, I'm not sure. But I *do* think if I keep going I'll have to upsize the droplet. Or, maybe this is **enough** for now. We'll see.