---
layout: post
collection: posts
date: 2025-05-03 12:22:27
title: "BQC: Pointless Facts About Me"
categories:
    - "Challenge"
tags: [thoughts, challenge, questions]
pinned: false
author: ⸸ commander ░ nova ⸸ :~$
avatar: /img/avatar/daemon.jpeg
mastodon: 
akkoma: 
bluesky: 
wafrn: 
pillowfort: 
tumblr: 
forum: 
none: no_syndication_available 
---
I was tagged and/or challenged to answer some basic pointless questions as a blog challenge via <a href="https://shellsharks.com/bqc-ten-pointless-facts" target="_blank">ShellSharks</a>, and before I pass out and sleep for my "friday" at work, I think I'll go ahead and answer them! Especially since, I haven't written here much due to the fact that a lot of my free time has just been filled with me decompressing, uh ... pretty much always.

- 1: Do you floss your teeth?

I don't, despite brushing and mouthwashing multiple times a day. This is something I should do, but I procrastinate, and have been doing so for ... a long time. I should do that, though!

- 2: Tea, coffee, or water?

I can't really remember the last time I had traditional tea. I think it was back three years ago when I was sick and needed an "at home" remedy while I was at work. Suffice to say, it kind of helped? But, if I was given the choice between the three, I'd probably have to choose coffee. As long as it's *good*. If it's like, sludge you get at work that's five hours old and reheated? I'll just take the water.

- 3: Footwear preference?

If I'm out and about? Sneakers. Approaching 40, I'll always probably just wear some variant of sneakers, or on the rare occasion, these hundred some dollar leather boots I got that I've worn one time. Now, if I'm at home, I don't wear shoes. Wearing shoes, in my head, is associated with doing things, working, being out and not relaxing. And, usually, if I'm at home, I'm relaxing.

- 4: Favourite dessert?

I haven't had a dessert in the traditional sense in a really long time, but if someone asked me, "What'll it be?" I'd have to think. I like sweet stuff, but not so much anymore. I'm usually craving something spicy, or salty. But, I think what I'd actually prefer is just a simple vanilla milkshake. You can call a milkshake a dessert, right?

- 5: The first thing you do when you wake up?

Aside from stumbling out of bed and forcing my alarms to turn off? I immediately chug some water, and then pause whatever Youtube's algorithm has decided my subconscious brain was going to listen to while I was passed out.

- 6: Age you’d like to stick at?

Considering I'm about to hit 40, and having energy nonstop like a caffeine fiend who never stops moving, I think if it were possible I'd rewind and make myself at least 27 again. When I was 27 I was old enough to think things through and not put myself in-danger for fun, and I had enough energy at all times to just be constantly doing things. Not like now. I come home from work, I sit down on the couch and browse the internet, turn on a game, or a video, and somewhere in-between all of that I end up passed out for an hour, then awake again, and then asleep again for another eight hours. It's a cycle that steals a lot of time away from me.

- 7: How many hats do you own?

Zero. I've always been really particular about my hair, and I'm not even sure why. But anything that I'd have to put on my head and risk messing the hair is a no-go for me.

- 8: Describe the last photo you took?

The last thing I snapped a photo of was my cat standing on the edge of the bathtub staring at me while I walked into the bathroom, as if he were asking for a shower. Even though he hates water. Aside from the water he splashes his face in from the sink when he begs for sips from the faucet.

- 9: Worst TV show?

Another thing that's kind of difficult for me. I don't really watch a whole lot of TV anymore. Once Breaking Bad ended, I think that was right on the cusp of everything, and I mean *everything*, switching over to streaming. Once that happened, I kind of dropped off and only watched things I *knew* I would enjoy, and nothing else. You know, aside from Youtube. Which I pretty much use as a replacement for television nowadays.

But, garsh, uh ... I have to agree with ShellSharks here, Big Bang Theory was absolutely terrible when it was on television in 2011. I'd rather watch paint dry inside of my eyelids.

- 10: As a child, what was your aspiration for adulthood?

As a kid, I wanted to go to space, I wanted to be an artist, and for a short stint, I wanted to be a cop. I only became one of these things.

