---
layout: post
title: The Year Was 2025
date: 2025-01-01 17:46
author: 𐕣 C M D R ░ NOVA 𐕣
categories:
    - "Thoughts"
tag: [blogging, thoughts, newyear]
---
Happy new year, everyone! I don't know that I have any resolutions this time. I have ... goals! Goals I would like to actually meet this year. I want to pay down this debt that I incurred from veterinarians more than three years ago now. I want to ... find work in a tech field! Even if that may be *even more* impossible than it was six months ago. And, most of all, I want to revitalize my Patreon. Here's why ...

I've been running <a href="https://www.patreon.com/c/cmdr_nova" target="_blank">my Patreon</a> since October 2014. It has been ... *a very long time*. Ten years! And in that time, I've posted downloadable releases of my *very first book* I ever self published, and then *two more* that came after. I have over twenty musical releases up, that I've posted about over the years, and you can download *all of them* (as a paid member). I have posts containing spotlights and information about nearly *everything I've ever* put into my Second Life store, and then I also have regular updates that include my blog posts (which have been on *multiple websites since then*).

There was a time when my paid subscribers reached the height of *thirty active subs*, and then, over time, I lost focus, bad things happened in the synthwave scene, and a lot of them left.

I'm going to put this out there, though: I appreciate *every single person* who has been on my Patreon, is there, and/or is even just *following* for free (except for Czarina, she was only subscribed for selfish reasons that she could later hold over my head in the midst of her retaliation to my outspoken views on the transphobia within the synthwave scene).

On the topic of my Patreon, though, I *did* sort of stop updating it for a little bit of 2024. I thought I could move to Ko-fi, or other sites like it, because for a while *it did* feel easier to provide updates on things I've been doing, and creating. But ... most of the sites that are *like* Patreon, are kind of also missing a lot of the features Patreon has. And ... why abandon something I've been using *for ten years*?

It may as well be an archive of everything I've ever done, right?

I currently have a Python script running on a remote server that posts a snippet of information about my Patreon to my Mastodon account once daily, and I wanted to write this post, as well, to give a little bit of deeper insight. One of the things I was doing, that got me to where I used to be (before I returned to the offline work-world), was that I *shared* what I do, and what I create, *on a daily basis*. Sometimes *multiple* times a day.

Since I returned to offline work, I've really slacked on actually sharing what I do, and I feel like that's a big contributor as to why, *even with having a bestselling darksynth album*, I've kind of sifted into the background noise a bit.

But, you should sign up to: support what I do, help me get out of this friggin' debt, and, also? Help me *leave retail work once and for all*.

That's it. That's the goal.
