---
layout: toot
collection: toots
title: 1219235200
date: 2024-12-19
published: true
tags: []
pinned: false
author: ⸸ commander ░ nova ⸸ :~$
avatar: /img/avatar/daemon.jpeg
mastodon: https://mastodon.online/@cmdr_nova/1219235200
---

Actually, I think third person for this book will work just fine. I'm re-reading the opening that I wrote ... over a year ago at this point, below this CWGotta slip in my own conspiracy theory about the large hadron collider----If, then, equals, break, bracket, it was all just a story in a book to him—This hyper fixation of his, a thing that drenched him in total calm.Blake slapped the surface beside the illuminated keystroke display, “Come on!”And then, it reached out to him, like a bold exclamation point at the end of the page, at the bottom of the terminal. It was exactly what he was looking for. The systems warned so many times of degradation, and like the Authority wanted, they put it out of their minds.They didn’t dig too deep. They didn’t read all that far into it.But he did. He had to know, just in case.Even if it meant prison, had he been caught disobeying a direct command.The piece of code that regulated power consumption crossed with the fueling of the dark matter and antimatter chambers, and he suddenly knew exactly what degradation was, and what it meant in this very specific context. Just like in a thousand and one hundred some years past, through history, when they fired that Collider, there was degradation. Albeit, minimal, but it happened. And the consequences would be known in the future as decades of unprecedented times, and ultimately, unbridled evil.
