---
layout: toot
collection: toots
title: 1219232400
date: 2024-12-19
published: true
tags: []
pinned: false
author: ⸸ commander ░ nova ⸸ :~$
avatar: /img/avatar/daemon.jpeg
mastodon: https://mastodon.online/@cmdr_nova/1219232400
---

Actually, I think third person for this book will work just fine. I'm re-reading the opening that I wrote ... over a year ago at this point, below this CW“All systems check. Andromeda, I need a status report on the engines, give me something.” She demanded, moving hands across the vertical display that sprawled out over the commend deck view-port. A vast field of dark where billions of stars had once been, replaced by a cold empty marked with streaks of dim astigmatism and ghosts of life that had once been. “Tell me we aren’t sitting still.”The cybernetic life-form that helmed the more complicated half of The Astraea opened comms with Morgan, “The dark matter synthesis program is experiencing mass fatal exception. Please stand-by for further instruction.” Her voice, although a constant soothing calm, gave words that betrayed her tone.Millions of light years from the Dresden IV, in a blank vacuum where Earth should’ve been, the two of them were quite literally lost, and they had no way of knowing if the coordinates the system programmed were correct, or off by galactic proportions. Rescue wouldn’t be coming either, backup was nonexistent. They were, after-all, on a mission to requisition help in order to save the Life Vessel they’d fled, which was carrying millions of people, sheered in half by an unknown gravitational force. Something that possesses power even greater than that of the engines in which they used to pierce the veil.“It ain’t gonna end like this.” Morgan grit her teeth as she searched in a flurry of hand-motions through data clusters and coordinate history. There was nothing she could do, or find, that explained her situation, or position in the deep unforgiving void. She tapped the comms, “I’m sending out a quantum distress beacon. I’ve gotta reach them, let them know.”“If your intention is to breach time and space with a signal shot in a random direction, you may as well spit into an ocean, within an ocean.” Andromeda’s logical core pushed beyond her bedside manner, “As a student of astrophysics, you already know a waste of energy like that won’t get us anywhere.”
