---
layout: text
title: Texted
date: 2025-04-20T13:16:08.461728Z
author: ⸸ commander ░ nova ⸸ :~$
collection: texts
guid: https://labyrinth.zone/objects/07715654-f22c-4ea8-8081-3e487486e815
avatar: /img/avatar/daemon.png
akkoma: https://labyrinth.zone/objects/07715654-f22c-4ea8-8081-3e487486e815
tags: [akkoma, labyrinth-zone]
---

<p>A note on CWs for triggering or content that may otherwise cause anxiety, or panic, or just plain mental health issues: When I first came to the fediverse in 2017 via Mastodon, I thought CWs were crap, ridiculous. I thought, "You expect me to censor myself for people who can't just use their own filtering systems? Fuck that"<br><br>But that was when I was fresh out of Twitter, the thunderdome of hell that rewards users for talking shit and lying for likes and faves. Kind of how Bluesky and Threads are right now.<br><br>Later, though, I realized that filters and mutes can't catch everything. Some people put their politic-panic-inducing stuff into images, and post that, instead. Which can't be caught by a filter. Some people intentionally write words wrong in order to avoid using the correct words, which inadvertantly also dodges filters.<br><br>And then I realized, you know what CWs are good for? They're good for just being courteous. For being thoughtful of your fellow fedizen.<br><br>Some of you are caught up in the storm of all the bad the US gov't is doing, and I understand. But, and I mean this with my whole mouth and face, if you want people to stay on the fediverse, and not jump ship to lesser platforms, you really gotta start thinking about all of this.<br><br>Before you post your next toot that says something like "You'll never believe what incredibly illegal and violent thing the gov't wants to do to this marginalized group" stop, think, consider who's eyes might be upon that toot. Consider that not everyone is neurotypical, or not experiencing severe anxiety and fear.<br><br>And just use a CW</p>